Limit cascading rebuilds in the scheduler (#5993)
microsoft/CBL-Mariner: toolkit/docs/building/building.md

| ALLOW_TOOLCHAIN_REBUILDS      | n                                                                                                      | Do not treat rebuilds of toolchain packages during regular package build phase as errors.
|  PACKAGE_BUILD_RETRIES        | 1                                                                                                      | Number of build retries for each package
| CHECK_BUILD_RETRIES           | 1                                                                                                      | Minimum number of check section retries for each package if RUN_CHECK=y and tests fail.

> | MAX_CASCADING_REBUILDS        | -1                                                                                                     | When a package rebuilds, how many additional layers of dependant packages will be forced to rebuild (-1 is unbounded, i.e., all downstream packages will rebuild)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MAX_CASCADING_REBUILDS        |                                                                                                        | When a package rebuilds, how many additional layers of dependant packages will be forced to rebuild (leave unset for unbounded, i.e., all downstream packages will rebuild)
```
